there's a bunch more games i actually
have round off my top five of course
destiny the taken king it's not really
like a full-out game it's like an
expansion time but that's really I'm
really stoked for that I'm thinking that
ill ill grown unique like reignite the
fire that we had without area mount us
played that yeah like back when it first
did yeah yeah hopefully it does yeah I'm
still stoked for it no matter what I
just love the game I like like a
thousand hours on that okay but yeah
there's a bunch of thing I'm hoping that
it goes the Titan gets a hammer uh yeah
what are you like a solar hammer what
the Hager there's like they have like
they have a new subclass bears big o
nobody call it the the hunter he gets a
bow and arrow like one tree yeah it's
crazy dude and then the the Warlock has
like this weird like key blast type
thing yeah yeah yeah I'm still there's
gonna be a deus ex new one another one
here and kind divided that looks pretty
interesting here looks pretty cool oh
I've Jetson again another game that's
like really really open world or
actually open universe is no man's sky
and it's gonna be another Sony exclusive
and I've been waiting for a while which
is a recycled I the guy I guess who
makes it or is part one of the producers
for it like played the game in front
everybody and out of everything he could
have talked about it he started like
commenting on the fish that he saw a
water look look at the fish look at the
fish like there's dinosaurs roaming by
there's things flying in the air and
he's just like well sheesh and i
straight-up thought like would he call
it what they showed before was like you
know like already rendered stuff that
they were just gonna show but the guy
actually showed him landing into a
consolation yeah there you go
yeah and then picking out a world and
just landing on that random place yeah
he's like literally every star is a
planet and you could go to each star
that's what he said I am so stoked for
that hopefully it's like it's actually
like that where you could go to each
star but then hopes our first game this
is one of those games like you want
there to be some multi player cuz who
doesn't want to ride around the galaxy
with a buddy right next to you yeah dude
are you so sick okay just get that game
sounds like everything I want but it has
my favorite things in there dinosaurs
and space but this is conspiracy thing
I'm spiritually what is it what if this
is this is a game based on Chris Pratt's
life as star-lord and the guy from your
ass and then at the end of the game they
just said you it's like holy no man's
guy there's no one's gonna see my face
but they're gonna put two and two
together oh yeah but I'm excited for
that too that gave looks amazing so cage
three what do you call it this game
uh-oh black ops 3 actually looks like
something I want a lot of play yeah
honestly yeah that's another game to
waste our time yeah yeah yeah I don't
wanna buy a black ops game dude I called
that like I was I was sitting in the
lunch room at work here uh-huh get
crackin jokes because like people hate
on call of duty this is like you know I
it'd be bad for our next one's gonna be
like black ops 3 and then they're gonna
make advanced warfare two auto I hope
they're right on the run blood mystery
yeah the words are gonna make ghosts too
yeah I'm all please don't go scan
advancement stupid no I'd rather have a
go straight answer I guess yeah I guess
I guess ghosts warfare two oh my gosh
nope yeah I think this should end it
with black ops 3 yes be done with it
Julie just be done with it he says you
know you talk a good putter suck my
butthole yeah other than that there's
like a bunch of like big-name titles
like uncharted for Fallout 4 i'm sure i
want to
that we have a ps4 now so we have to get
uncharted yeah yeah charted series the
first three of being remastered they
come out next month yeah dude I need to
get this but I have no money wait how
much is it let me go let me go search it
up you know the price bear very no
expense uh free let's say like 25 bucks
oh right what maybe 40 let's go to 40
okay okay that Rick's that makes sense
for no longer than on total I think it's
a collection yeah Oh Morty dollars for
three what is this yeah I get this three
of the greatest games I've ever played I
actually have drinks belt buckle bears
is actually preparing for the law and
Greek yeah yeah although I could never
do it better than nobody north oh it's
60 bucks but I think that's worth it cuz
it's all three dude uncharted one was
the game to have when you got and it
says that you get the multiplayer beta
for uncharted 4 oh yeah why not
multiplayer is fun and charted and I
guess it's it wasn't really shown or
something that wasn't talked about too
much because it's coming out I want to
get the batman game it looks amazing Oh
Arkham Knight comes out like a couple
weeks yeah yeah I think it comes out
like next week really sounds about right
come on Tuesday on Tuesday oh my god
Tuesday that game looks uh this Tuesday
yeah the 23rd ouw would try the trommel
know god i thank you spewing heavy
already met a score of 91 out of a
hundred damn wait it already has a med
school yeah Oh could have a metascore
around this gorgeous this is not talking
about Chris these games I'll write it ah
the nippy whatever he'll have to do they
do the thing and check with the bank
yeah yeah that's me yeah oh my god
that's really good happy excited my
brother won't let me be anything but
excited we got ghost recon wind lens I'm
not sure Wow wig but and wind lands I
said that weird ghost recon open lands
yeah oh and also like square enix
released um footage of Just Cause 3 and
hit man as well just go straining so I
want to get that another hit me a game
yeah they should just stop the blood
money he was amazing and then absolution
was like hey it was a hey okay fallout 4
yeah follow or yes all of my yes see
this is the thing like I had said this
to bears I think last night when we were
doing another talk like this III have to
be the most like like out all them had
to be the most exciting because like
since we had the new gen they had time
to be able to work out the kinks for
certain things so like they're prepared
this this year and I didn't think he was
dry cuz usually some some years its kind
of dry but it was pretty good dude
another Tom Clancy game rainbow six
siege we didn't talk about that that
comes out knocked over that looks really
good too dude they said that you could
use like multiple weapons like not just
your guns and what he call you could use
like I heard like someone say a hatchet
and stuff you could break through walls
and stuff it's like why did the
multiplayer is amazing yeah so you uh
five-on-five is a nice dude ik i can't
wait to play that game bears are you
ready wreck shut up with germs and I on
that game you know it this is so much
you that's going on with this stuff I
don't know if we're gonna be able to
come back from this financial deficit
spending all this money on these gears